Don't leave, what else do you want to say?
You must be wondering what Wynn and I have been hiding from your Li Mi.
Would you be so kind as to tell me?
Wynne and I have a child.
If you don’t buy it, I am his number one.
I still remember that I kept him as if he could,
Such a lofty man actually stood by the end of his love.
Miss Yuan, I won’t believe you,
I didn't believe my old aunt, he told me,
Whether it's marriage or face-to-face love,
He is confident, of course he will say whatever he wants.
Because in his eyes, you are just an improvement,
look at this photo
This is me ten years ago
Is it definitely a bit familiar?
You can see it, I admit it
Whether it’s my wife or my eyes
You all want to be like me ten years ago, so
The reason why the security guard married you stupidly
That's because I read you to exchange words, you know
Why did she break up with me in the first place?
Because I can't be around
In Gu Kua'an's eyes
The child is just right
He is the family puzzler
The treatment and tools are pretty good
I can't leave this person anymore.
Why don't you hurry up?